Version 1.21
Fixed errors in the URP Optimized shaders UI

Version 1.20
Full Sail made compatible with Unity 2023
Full Sail made compatible with Unity 6

Version 1.19
Fixed an issue with FreeMoveHandles in 2021.1

Version 1.18
Added a new sail Param to control the tilt of the top of the sail. _SailTiltTop. Should make it easier setting up angled sails.
Fixed an issue in the Sail Overrides where you couldn't drag to change float and int values.
Added a helper button to the Sail Group UI to refresh the sail group which all check for any new sails in the children and add them to the group
HDRP optimized shader now has impacts support

Version 1.17
Update to the URP shader graphs to fix an issue with the Alpha Clipping not working correctly in some pipeline configurations.
Fixed Obsolete methods in Sail Editor scripts.

Version 1.16
Fixed small issue in the Sail Pos system if no Reverse Mask Map was being used.
URP Optimized Shader now has a Ripple Noise selector
HDRP Optimized Shader now has a Ripple Noise selector
Fixed some subtle differences in the various versions of the shader which led to Sail Pos being a little out of position in HDRP and URP

Version 1.15
Small change to shader maths for Wind direction transforms.

Version 1.14
Sail Pos system now correctly takes into account if a param is disabled in a group or on a sail
Added missing _FurlMap to URP optimized shadergraph.
Added missing _FurlMap to HDRP optimized shadergraph.
Fixed the missing custom UI for the URP Shaders
Fixed small bug in the sail pos where a param was labelled wrong which could lead to a wrong position
Fixed an issue in URP and HDRP with the Sails not updating in the first frame due to OnBecameVisible executing in a different order to Builtin

Version 1.13
Added an object attached to the sail in the demo scene to show how it is used.
Updated docs with Sail Pos section

Version 1.12
Experimental Support added to HDRP shader for impacts, please report any issues
Experimental Support added to URP shader for impacts, please repoort any issues
Update URP and HDRP Shader Inspector so you can click the section headers and not just the arrow to expand the params

Version 1.11
Shaders updated to keep a furled sail from being deformed due to sail scaling.

Version 1.10
Changed the way ripples are applied in the shader, the ripples now happen in the sailforward direction which looks better than the old way.
Moved some common shader functions to a cginc file for reduced shader sizes
Sail Pos script updated to work correctly with the new ripples
HDRP and URP shader graphs also updated to use new ripple
Fixed the various create texture helper windows causing an error on Unity 2021+
Added an Unlit shader for builtin pipeline which will run faster on mobile.

Version 1.09
Standard and optimize shaders updated to use the new ripple noise texture system so will work correctly with the SailPos system
Small change to the shader after a report of an error on some versions of Unity about missing _VorSeed param.

Version 1.08
Sails will no longer update if they are not visible.
Sail shader param setting now uses ID's instead of strings for faster updating
Made the various map builders make the generated textures readable so you dont have to change them in the improt settings.
Fixed an error in the SailPos component when the Sail param was empty

Version 1.07
Made some changes to the sail impact system, it can now use Box Colliders.
Square Sail prefabs been updated to have box colliders, tri sails use a simple convex proxy 
Sail ripple system replaced with a ripple texture, makes the shader faster and also needed for the Sail Pos system. If you have sails in the scene which arnt rippling add the Ripple texture to the material
Added a new component called SailPos, this can be used to position objects on the sail surface.
Bounds Values added to the Sail component so the sail bounds can easily be adjusted to stop deformed sails being culled early
Sail Gizmos now includes an orange bounds box with handles for easy adjusting of the bounds area

Version 1.06
Fixed the help icon on the component inspector bars not having the right link for help
Added Sail Impacts system for doing damage to your sails. Note Impacts are currently only supported for the Built In Shader as Unity has not added Vector3 array support to ShaderGraphs
Added a new demo scene to show sail impacts. Use mouse and click to fire at sail.
Added a new demo scene to show sail impacts. Use mouse and click to fire at sail.
Docs updated with Impact info, Reverse Maps, and Tips section

Version 1.05
Sail param id enum popups are now sorted to make it easier to find the param
Fixed an issue with the multi edit of sails not updating all the values, works correctly now
Added helper SetValue methods to the Sail component to be used if updating param values from script SetValue(SailParamID, value);
Added helper SetValue methods to the SailGroup component to be used if updating param values from script SetValue(SailParamID, value);

Version 1.04
Fixed an issue with the wind direction and sail movement
Added a SailSideways param to control how much the sail moves when the wind is edge on
The Sail Furl will work in edit mode now for quicker testing of furl order setups
Added new feature of reverse Mask Map for movement for when wind is against, useful for when a sail would hit a mask it can now look like it wraps around any obstacle
Move Map builder now has support for vertical gradient as well as horizontal
Move Map builder now has support for adding a bulge blob area
Move Map builder now has option to use a base map as a starting point, so can copy exisiting move maps and add new features to them
Sail script now has a scene gizmo making it easier to select sails that are deformed
Docs updated

Version 1.03
Swapped the Voronoi ripple code for Noise based for nicer looking ripples
Some adjustment to how the FillPercent and SailWind params work, check the docs for new descriptions of the values

Version 1.02
MultiEdit support added to the Sail component so you can edit multiple sails at the same time
Fixed sails not updating when play mode entered
Add a Sail Tilt option to allow you to angle the bottom of the sail relative to the top
Add a Top arch option to the shader
Add triangular sails objects
Added option of edges curves for Move Map maker to make more complex move maps in Unity
Docs updated

Version 1.01
Added a Standard version of the Sail Shader for builtin
Improved the Translucency effect

Verison 1.0
Original release